# Apigee Platform Samples Tools

This directory contains three tools:

## API Proxy Generator

Requires [curl](http://curl.haxx.se/) to be installed.

A simple script that uses the Apigee API Platform API to generate an API proxy. The 
script downloads the API proxy generated by the API Platform, enabling you 
to customize it locally. 

Use the Python Deploy Tool to import and deploy your API proxy as you iterate
during development.

Run `proxy_gen.sh` and follow the prompts.

The API proxy will be downloaded and unzipped to a directory called `/apiproxy`

## API Proxy Deploy Tool

Requires [Python](http://python.org/getit/) to be installed. 

This tool provides a simple command for importing and deploying an API proxy
from your local machine to an environment on the Apigee API Platform.

You require an account in an organization at enterprise.apigee.com. [Register for an account for free.](https://accounts.apigee.com/accounts/sign_up)

### Usage

    deploy.py -n {apiName} -u {myname:mypass} -o {myorg} -e {environment} -p {basePath} -d {path to /apiproxy directory}

* `-n` The name of the API that will be created when this API proxy is uploaded to Apigee. 
The name will be the display name in the Apigee API Platform UI. If the API already exists,
then the deploy tool will import this as a new revision of the existing API.

* `-u` Your username and password for your account on enterprise.apigee.com. ([Register for an account for free.](https://accounts.apigee.com/accounts/sign_up))

* `-o` The Apigee organization in which youhave an account. To obtain this information, login
to enterprise.apigee.com  and view account settings.

* `-e` The environment in your organization where you would like this API Proxy to be 
deployed. Note that this script will automatically import and deploy the API proxy 
so that it is immediately available.  Trial/cloud accounts be default have two 
environments: `test` and `prod`. Usually, you will set this to be the `test` environment.

    To get a list of available environments: `curl -u myname:mypass https://api.enterprise.apigee.com/v1/o/{org_name}/environments/`

* `-p` The URI path used as a pattern match to route incoming message to this API proxy deployment. 
(Note that this is the deployment path. In most cases, you can set this value to '/', 
unless you have advanced deployment and routing requirements. The primary path used for
API proxy routing is defined in the API proxy's ProxyEndpoint configuration.) 

* `-d` The path to the local directory where your API proxy files reside. Note that your 
API proxy files must be stored under a directory called `/apiproxy`. This script will 
ZIP your API proxy into a bundle, and import the bundle to Apigee API Platform 
environment for your organization. Note that this value points to the directory that 
contains the directory `/apiproxy`, and not to the `/apiproxy` directory itself.

* `-h` **Optional** The base URL for the Apigee API. You do not need to specify or modify this for cloud/trial accounts. Defaults to `https://api.enterprise.apigee.com`

## Organization Snapshot Tool

This tool allows retrieval of the settings of an organization. See the README in the org-snapshot directory.

You require an account in an organization at enterprise.apigee.com. [Register for an account for free.](https://accounts.apigee.com/accounts/sign_up)

## Get help

For assistance, please use [StackOverflow](http://stackoverflow.com/tags/apigee) and add the tag "apigee".

Copyright © 2014 Apigee Corporation

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may 
not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain 
a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

