CONDITIONAL POLICY SAMPLE----------------------------------------------DISCLAIMER: --------------------------Apigee API Platform Samples are designed to help you learn how to usethe Apigee API Platform.Learn more at http://apigee.com/docs Copyright 2012 Apigee CorporationLicensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not usethis file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copyof the License athttp://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, softwaredistributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.See the License for the specific language governing permissions andlimitations under the License.--------------------------Description--------------------------This sample demonstrates the use of the conditional policy execution supported by the 4G Platform. This allows one to execute a step (policy) on a condition attached at the attachment level.This example uses a http header called “responsetime”, which when carries “true”, the response carries an additional header - “X-Apigee-end-time” that indicated the time when the response was sent backThis reference helps in understanding the process of building, deploying, activating and accessing this sample.--------------------------Pre-Conditions* The username and password that you use to login to enterprise.apigee.com.* The name of the organization in which you have an account. Login to   enterprise.apigee.com and check account settings.You can obtain a free account at http://enterprise.apigee.com/signup--------------------------Configure sample project--------------------------Update the setenv.sh for you environment details--------------------------Import and deploy sample project--------------------------Execute "sh deploy.sh"--------------------------Testing--------------------------1. Open the rest client and send the following request via the API proxy you just deployed - Example - http://<gateway-ip>:<port>/condition/2. Repeat the request now with an additional header - “responsetime :true”3. Observe the X-Apigee-end-time header in the response this time, which is served back only when the request carries the header - responsetime :true--------------------------Clean up--------------------------Execute "sh cleanup.sh"